hi on today's show I'm gonna test the
quality of the da Vinci printer once
again only this time I'm gonna use an
official print that was used and make
magazine to test 15 other printers back
before the da Vinci was even around so
I'm gonna test this print on the da
Vinci here's a print as it was seen in
the magazine
Thingiverse file shows the arch with
nine pulls here on the back and then
there's holes one that is six sided
hexagon plus the box which has different
thickness walls
so I brought the file into the xyzware
for the da Vinci printer
now this is where my print may have been
a little bit different I hit export and
left everything where I thought was
default then later on I realized if I
were to hit the default button it would
have changed from a point to layer
height to a point four but I haven't
seen a major difference between point
two and point four on The Da Vinci so I
let it go I also printed with supports
and then I let it slice and it took
roughly about two minutes here's a
close-up of the finished design with
supports in place it was ready to print
so here's the prints
I actually made three of them the first
print I didn't use supports for the arch
and that's the result it didn't have the
support the print didn't come out very
good as far as the arch but the rest of
it is perfect I mean the holes are good
the hex hole is good the bunch of studs
or her posts are good the box shaped
with the different walls looks really
really good-quality just the arch so
then I printed with support and the
thing I noticed every one of them
printed the little tab which I didn't
see on some of the prints in the
magazine so this is one with the support
still in place just came out of the
printer really and then here's one with
the supports removed so overall this
quality is as good as anything I've seen
from the magazine so if this was entered
in that same contest or that same
competition
I think the da Vinci would have done
just fine the tweaks that I've done to
this thing over time to improve it I
mean minor tweaks as you can see in some
of my other videos really make a
difference but once this thing is tuned
up these prints are excellent so I would
say that this
is a complete pass
now anybody that says I cheated because
I didn't use the default settings I went
back and printed at the 0.4 and you can
see there's not a big difference between
the point 2 and the point 4 I get really
good prints out at a point 4 in fact a
lot of times all printing point 4
because it's faster now the round the
holes you can see a little hollowness on
the outside and the posts are a little
bit rougher but overall it looks just as
good
so if you like this video check out some
of my other videos and if you like my
channel please subscribe and I'll have
more for you in a future video